[SOFT MUSIC]
NARRATOR: Let's turn
towards the light.
The light is in everything,
In every moment.
It's in every place.
It's in every situation, and
it's in every human being.
The light is in our
darkest moments.
It's in our brightest moments.
The light is in our despair.
It's in our hopelessness,
and our loss.
The light is in our joy and our
happiness, and our fulfillment.
The light is in every moment
of our ordinary lives.
The light requires
nothing from you.
It's inside you, and
it's all around you.
So turn towards the light.
The light is in front
of you and behind you.
It's to the left of you
and to the right of you.
It's above you and below you.
It's inside you and outside you.
It's in all the interdimensions,
the folded places within you,
the layers upon layers of life.
The light is in your deepest
challenges and your greatest
achievements, and in
everything in between.
The light he is in
the saints, and it's
in the evil and the darkness,
the misunderstandings.
So remember the light.
Turn towards the light.
Whichever way you face,
it will be there, always,
ever present, ever still.
Turn towards the light.